so it's no good girdle and today we're
making TVs like these and we have a fish
hooks one with Maddow be Oscar Khalifa
and gather dry reckoning and we have a
little tedious spongebob um so this mess
well one is a sticker I probably got a
long time ago at the doctor's office and
I'll just put it on cardboard and it
turns out to be a great TV I have
another one and it's Hannah Montana but
I gave it to my friend and then I made
another one that was super girl and I
have no idea what that was so I know I
know how i made this one papers shuffle
over okay so how I made this one is um
my sister made it like you can go on to
like photobucket or um blue picnic and
edit them and actually create them but
edit them so and then shoot my sister
edited it and she got really mad at me
because I printed it out and it's sunny
TV and if you're going to put your
littlest pet shop and come of it it's
like a movie TV or like a family TV and
then on the back edge put on crab board
and I use black electrical tape because
that's only practically really have I
covered the size and I drew an extra
button right there for the powerpoint
and those buttons were yeah and I refuse
until I drove pencil-like over it
because it was really really fading and
you couldn't really tell what it was
never my dad or my mom or me or Vanessa
my sister accidentally got water on it
so I'm not really sure yeah yeah so
those are my cute little TVs big a
little and um now i'm going to make one
today so
see so I got that awful photobucket my
sister also created it and I'm it
spongebob I forget one episode of this
so anyways um and then I printed it out
when I cut it out cut it it's going to
be like exactly it matters what size but
to me it was at five and you could use
this for everything sir Graham late so
you might want to keep this I'm on and
then we used our scissors because it out
and then we have a tear and it's a sony
there's no buttons on it though instead
of nick at the bottom I really like that
says Nick this one does it say like
nikkor is me or anything like that and
now we're going to take this peel the
back oh and then stick this on yeah so
I'm just going to cover up the cash
right now I'm going to keep on talking
you might also want to use a pen or a
pencil it doesn't really matter what
will you use i don't think i'm going to
use one wrong because of i'm trying to
make this quick
so the phone so they give me to cut it
matters what size your TV is if you need
to use a lot of phone with cardboard or
you need to use a little torn apart so I
have that done and then that's the foam
is a little bigger for the soft and now
we're going to peel off the back and
that are some type of phone you have if
you have to film without the peel stuff
then you're going to use either tape or
glue I would prefer taste but I met
nasty so you probably have to use glute
which is really messy so I'm going to
come up the camera again peel this off I
can get it go and I'm not sure how long
this takes to get it I'm sticky so you
might want to do it kind of quick you
know it's prob it's already like a
little sticky now because I'm touching
it but yeah so you would probably want
to hurry up put your TV on there if you
can get it to match up and if you don't
get it to match up that's all right just
use some extra phone and I pretty much
got mine to match up and if you have any
air bubbles you might want to take it
off and put it on again because I need
perfection like I don't know about you
but I'm like any profession so um you
know anyway we have my TV and it's
really cute I really really like it and
I'm going to put some buttons on their
marker pen we've all sinned find one
there's a pencil down there okay so and
then I'm going to cut the top off
because it's already up there so you
might want to like make a stand of it I
think that I'll be cute now be a really
good idea and it is 950 I may be a bit
ok
so I'm basically done step for this one
corner that I'm going to cut that too
oh ok so that's pretty much it um from
this angle you can see orange at the
bottom and maybe up here yeah that's my
GV and it's spongebob and it's a little
smaller than the big one the chucks and
I think it's better that it's smaller
because I can make even smaller key like
I could make the TV size of one of my
computers and I think I just broke it
yeah I did the size of my google
computer or iphone or the size of my
laptop and the thing webkinz so all
right so anyway that's it for tonight
well this morning and um I really hope
you enjoyed and I think the TV really
turned out to be nice and i'm definitely
going to make more and show you those
later there have to spongebob one and
one for check on one hand montana one
then i give to my friend and another one
that I lost so um thanks for watching
bye